Object Blacksmith0:
Perk upgrades are a way to enhance your abilities and skills. As you gain experience and progress in the game, you'll earn tokens.
These tokens can be used to unlock various perks.
You earn tokens by completing quests, defeating enemies, and making progress in the game. The tougher the challenge, the more you'll earn.
To upgrade a perk, you need to spend tokens.
I've got a selection of powerful perks that can give you the edge you need in your journey.
~Take a look and let me know what catches your eye.;
Object Shop0:
~Welcome, adventurer! Looking to buy some gear to enhance your journey?
~Take a look at my wares.;
Object Shop1:
~Hey there, adventurer! Looking for something to give you an edge? Or maybe just a new pair of socks?
~Check out my inventory, but be warned, my prices are as steep as the mountains around here!;
Object Shop2:
~Welcome, adventurer! I've got the best gear in town. And if you believe that, I've got a bridge to sell you too!
~Have a look around, just don't break anything. You break it, you buy it!;
Object Dog1:
~Wuf!;
Object Dog2:
~Grrr... Be careful!;
Object SaveTotem0:
~Press X to save game or ESC to close.;
Object Board0:
~Welcome, adventurer! This is your tutorial board. Here you can learn the basics of the game.
~Use the up arrow key to jump.
~The X key is for attack.
~Remember, your journey is filled with challenges. Use your commands wisely.
~Good luck on your journey, adventurer!;
Object NpcAnita0:
Hello, handsome! It's so rare to see a new face around here.
Can you help me? A group of RAF bandits has taken over my town and I'm too scared to go out there.
I don't know what to do. I'm so lost.
Can you help me to get rid of them?
If you do, I'll give you a reward. I promise.;
Object NpcAnita1:
~Have you done it yet?;
Object NpcNikolas2:
Hey, weak creature!
Do you know who I am? I am Nikolas the best fighter in the world.
You will never be strong like me. I'm the best!!!
You know what they say "If you cant win a fight, it's only your fault" hue-hue-hue.
I train every day to become the best fighter in the world !!!;
Object NpcSirDejanovic0:
Hello, young warrior! What brings you to this fire pit?
Be careful, this place is dangerous. I've heard that there are some flying creatures around here.
Drink beer with me and I'll tell you a secret about this place.;